You’ve just caught on fire! You should: 
ANSWER: Stop, drop, and roll.
Run as fast as you can.
Call an ambulance and do not move until they arrive.
Let the fire burn out.

You are playing out in the snow and your fingers are starting to feel numb. What do you do?
Put on a new pair of gloves.
ANSWER: Go back inside, and wait until your fingers are dry.
Take off your gloves to allow more blood circulation.
Start jogging to warm up your body.

A stranger asks come with them because they have something you like.
Walk with them, and get candy!
Run away and tell the nearest stranger.
Ignore them.
Run away and tell an adult you trust.

What should you do if you see a fallen powerline on the ground?
Ignore it. It’s probably harmless.
Run as fast as possible when walking near the line, so you don’t get shocked.
Cut the powerline with a pair of scissors, so it doesn’t trip you.
Stay far away from the line, and notify the authorities.

You may have just overdosed on some medicine.
Sweat the toxins out.
Don’t do anything about it.
Force yourself to vomit the medicine out.
Call 911 and tell your parents.

In the event of a grease fire, what should you do?
Pour water on the fire.
Place a metal lid over the pan that is on fire.
Toss baking soda over the fire.
B. and C.

If there is a tornado warning for your area, you should: 
Stay inside of a car to shield yourself.
Stay near a window so you can see the tornado when it comes.
Create a barrier out of bookshelves and tables to shield yourself.
Head to your basement or an interior room.

You should always wear a seatbelt when sitting in a moving car:
False
True



You’ve met someone in an online chatroom. Should you give them your personal information?
Yes
No



You should always wear a helmet when bicycling, or skating: 
False
True



If you get injured while playing a sport you should: 
Keep playing.
Keep playing, but with less intensity. 
Sit out for the rest of the game.
Immediately stop and let an adult know.


When should you wear a life jacket? 
When on a boat.
When playing a water sport.
When near an open body of water.
All of the above.

You suspect a stranger is following you.
Confront them.
Ignore them.
Walk home.  
Call the police and keep walking away.

You are safer when travelling with a group of trusted people
False
True


You’re outside, and you’re caught in a thunderstorm. 
Take shelter under a tree.
Run to the highest point of land.
Get to lowground and avoid open areas and tall objects.
Run to open land.




During a thunderstorm: 
Go indoors.
Do not use a landline telephone.
Unplug all appliances.
All of the above.

What should you do with lit candles after you leave a room?
Blow them out.
Pour out the hot wax.
Cover it with a sheet of paper.
All of the above.

Which of the following should you NOT do during a fire emergency?
Close doors to prevent fire from spreading.
Evacuate the building.
Avoid elevators and use stairs.
Re-enter the burning building to secure your valuables.

Where should you aim a fire extinguisher nozzle when putting out a fire?
At the base of the fire.
At the top of the fire.
Towards the center of the fire
Exactly 1 meter left of the fire.

Never…
Stick metal objects into a toaster or outlet.
Sleep in a car with the heater on.
Save someone else before you save yourself
All of the above
