Q: You've just caught on fire! You should:
1Run as fast as you can.
2Call an ambulance and do not move until they arrive.
3Let the fire burn out.
4Stop, drop, and roll.
Q: You are playing out in the snow and your fingers are starting to feel numb. What do you do?
1Put on a new pair of gloves.
2Take off your gloves to allow more blood circulation.
3Start jogging to warm up your body.
4Go back inside, and wait until your fingers are dry.
Q: A stranger asks you to come with them because they have something you like.
1Walk with them, and get candy!
2Run away and tell the nearest stranger.
3Ignore them.
4Run away and tell an adult you trust.
Q: What should you do if you see a fallen powerline on the ground?
1Ignore it. It's probably harmless.
2Jump over the line.
3Cut the powerline with a pair of scissors, so it doesn't trip you.
4Stay far away from the line, and call 911.
Q: You may have just overdosed on some medicine.
1Sweat the toxins out.
2Don't do anything about it.
3Force yourself to vomit the medicine out.
4Call 911 and tell your parents.
Q: In the event of a grease fire, what should you do?
1Pour water on the fire.
2Pour cold grease on the fire.
3Ignore it. It will go out on it's own.
4Place a metal lid over the pan that is on fire.
Q: If there is a tornado warning for your area, you should:
1Stay inside of a car to shield yourself.
2Stay near a window so you can see the tornado when it comes.
3Create a barrier out of bookshelves and tables to shield yourself.
4Head to your basement or an interior room.
Q: When should you wear a seatbelt in a car?
1When sitting in the passenger seat.
2When sitting in the back seats.
3Only the driver needs to wear a seatbelt.
4You should always wear a seatbelt.
Q: What information should you NEVER provide to online strangers?
1Your name
2Your phone number
3Your address
4You should never provide any personal information to strangers.
Q: When should you wear a helmet?
1Only when bicycling
2Only when skating
3When running
4When performing an activity where head injuries are a risk
Q: If you get injured while playing a sport you should:
1Keep playing.
2Keep playing, but with less intensity.
3Sit out for the rest of the game.
4Immediately stop and inform an adult.
Q: When should you wear a life jacket?
1When on a boat.
2When playing a water sport.
3When near an open body of water.
4All of the answers are correct.
Q: You suspect a stranger is following you.
1Confront them.
2Ignore them.
3Walk home.
4Call the police and keep walking away.
Q: You should call 911 when...
1You get a mild paper cut
2When your pets are sick
3As a joke or prank
4Only during emergencies
Q: You're outside, and you're caught in a thunderstorm.
1Take shelter under a tree.
2Run to the highest point of land.
3Run to open land.
4Get to lowground and avoid open areas and tall objects.
Q: During a thunderstorm:
1Go indoors.
2Do not use a landline telephone.
3Unplug all appliances.
4All of the answers are correct.
Q: What should you do with lit candles after you leave a room?
1Pour out the hot wax.
2Cover it with a sheet of paper.
3All of the answers are correct.
4Blow them out.
Q: Which of the following should you NOT do during a fire emergency?
1Close doors to prevent fire from spreading.
2Evacuate the building.
3Avoid elevators and use stairs.
4Re-enter the burning building to secure your valuables.
Q: Where should you aim a fire extinguisher nozzle when putting out a fire?
1At the top of the fire.
2Towards the center of the fire
3Exactly 1 meter left of the fire.
4At the base of the fire.
Q: Never...
1Stick metal objects into a toaster or outlet.
2Sleep in a car with the heater on.
3Save someone else before you save yourself
4All of the answers are correct.